Use new -mount syntax for all KV subcommands in 1.11 docs (#16002)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/kv/index.mdx

secrets engine (both [K/V Version 1](/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v1) and [K/V
Version 2](/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2).

## Syntax

> Option flags for a given subcommand are provided after the subcommand but before the arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option flags for a given subcommand are provided after the subcommand, but before the arguments.
```

The path to where the secrets engine is mounted can be indicated with the `-mount` flag, such as `vault kv get -mount=secret creds`.

The deprecated path-like syntax can also be used (e.g. `vault kv get secret/creds`), but this should be avoided

> for KV v2, as the fact that it is not actually the full API path to the secret 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for KV v2 because it is not actually the full API path to the secret 
```

> (secret/data/foo) can cause confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(secret/data/foo) and may cause confusion.
```

> ~> A `flag provided but not defined: -mount` error means you are using an older version of Vault from before the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> A `flag provided but not defined: -mount` error means you are using an older version of Vault before the 
```
